c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Redis.Cache.0.9.2.0.Fakes.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Redis.Cache.0.9.2.0.Fakes.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Redis.Cache.0.9.2.0.Fakes.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\CacheManager.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\CacheManager.SystemRuntimeCaching.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Redis.Cache.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\StackExchange.Redis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Redis.Cache.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\StackExchange.Redis.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\StackExchange.Redis.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\CacheManager.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\CacheManager.SystemRuntimeCaching.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\b\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\o\f.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\o\Redis.Cache.0.9.2.0.Fakes.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CacheConsole\CacheConsole\obj\Debug\Fakes\rc\o\Redis.Cache.0.9.2.0.Fakes.pdb
